# cs310-team-project 
# Adjust Readme. file to complete the CS304 Assignment
   This is the team project that we has worked in the class CS310 during the Spring Semester of 2019. Based on the idea of Scrum, I contributed as a developer in the team, and it was total of 8 features; however, we were allowed to complete as much as possible in the rest of time periods. Among different classes in the feature 1, I chose to work on the database from JQuery, and it was quite challenge since we had to complete most of codes in the TASDatabase class. Also, I continued to contribute mainly in TASdatabase in the feature 2, 4, 5, 6, and 7. Professor Snellen provided certain amounts of codes for us to start the retriving data from TASDatabase, and I began to follow the code that he provided. At the beginning, I found difficulty of getting the data from the JQuery, so I frequently asked for helps from Mr. Snellen during his office hour in each week. The feature 1 involved TASDatabase class, Punch class, Badge class, TASLogic class, and Shift class. Badge class was easy to arrange, so one of oour member completed immediately since it only involved the returning the getter and setter. It did not require us to complete the TASLogic Class, so did not spend the time on it. Shift class initially just needed the returning statement for getter and setting; otherwise, the punch class just needed to have the getters and the setters, so no needs to have any actions yet in feature 1. Unexpectedly, it seemed like I picked the longest class before I realized. Accompanied with my pace, my members were trying to help me in the database as well, but I still took long time to passed the Feature 1 tests. The TASDatabase also had to have the getShift method, getPunch method, getBadge method, and insertPunch method. The structure of the database was similar, but it also confused my procedures because we had the limitation of the time to complete the feature 1. Even if we were quite behind among other groups, we finally got it complete in 2 weeks, and we proceeded to next feature. 
   Feature 2, I still worked on TASDatabase file, and I had to create a getBadge method from Punch class and the database from JQuery, so that we could access the time for Punch. Through the looping, I created an ArrayList that looping through the PunchList, and consequently putting the corresponding data to the punch p punchlist. By the way, we could text the progress base on the test file that Mr.Snellen provided. The difference between the feature 1 and feature 2 to my works was the time format and GregorianCalendar, and it also involved the Punch class. 
   Furthermore, I did not contribute much on Feature 3 because we initially assigned the feature works separately, but feature 3 was the main component to test the TimeIn and TimeOut for the further feature, and it also had to deal with some logical statements. It became the main components for us to complete the feature 6. 
   On Feature 4, it needed us to complete a method call toCalculateTotalMinutes from the timestamp in the JQuery, and we had to get it done in the TASLogic Class. It happened to complete at the first week, but it eventually affected the other features in the future. Something suspicious thing happened to my computer: my timeframe could not adjusted to the right time, and it was in difference of 2 hours away. All the feature tests were hard for me to test the accuracy of each features because of my computers time settings. 
   Feature 5, I worked on the getPunchList As JSON. It suprisingly did not take too much time for us to complete because I only need to create an ArrayList to get the data from the PunchList, and I just needed to put the data to in the JSON format, so we get it done within one week. 
   Feature 6, I helped to complete the Absenteeism. I created an Absenteeism class and also a getAbsenteeism method to retrive the data; however, we stuck on the progress because we did not know what exactly the time methods needed to be complete in the Absenteeism class. Furthermore, the feature 6 was associating with other features, so we had to go back and adjusted other features, in order to run the feature 6 tests. 
   At last, on feature 7, I helped to complete the calculateTotalMinutes aside with the TASDatabase class. We did not expect to go this far from the beginning since I did not have full experiences to complete an entire class in the past classes, so I was really strugging during the Scrum periods. Database and JQuery were also formidable for us to work on. Feature 7 was the main component for us to find out the "holes" of our past features. Mr.Snellen and I ultimately found the flaws from my computer, which was the time issues that I stated before. After we found out the reason that we did not pass the previous feature tests, we started all over again to testify the weaknesses of each feature and the feature tests, and we constantly test them until the last day of the Scrum team project. Gratefully, we got the first 7 features done, and it was out of our expectations.
   Anyway, we did not have chance to complete feature 8 even though one of our team members was trying to get anything done before the last day, but she said it needed to change lots of data that we had before, so we did not able to have anything accomplished in feature 8. Although we did not complete all the features, we still considered it was interesting and depressive experiences overall, respectively.
